we can encourage the adoption of best practices
for an organization's API definitions
by establishing standards at the organization level.
To do this, we just click on the organization name
and then we navigate up to this gear
about the organization.
and then what we're interested in
is the Standardizations tab.
organization's API definitions.
that certain properties within the info object be required
for our API definitions.
We're also able to require that certain information
be provided for our operations,
and then we can set standards for models as well.
For our purposes, we're just going to apply one standard,
and that's that operations must have one and only one tag.
So let's go ahead, and check the checkbox
next to the standard, and then hit Save.
At this point, we can navigate back to MY hub,
and you can see that our catalog API definition
does not conform to this standard.
Let's go ahead and correct this.
It appears that the order path and its post operation
are in violation of the standard, so let's fix that.
The first thing we'll do is create a new tag
that is named order, and we'll provide a description,
we'll say, "This is an order related operation."
And then we can navigate within the post object
and add a tags property.
Inside of the tags property, we can specify an array of tags
that apply to this operation.
In this case, we want to specify our order tag.
So with that in place,
we can go ahead and save the API definition.
You'll notice that the error disappears
because we now conform to the organization's standards.
And if we return to the MY hub view,
we no longer have the warning
regarding our API's noncompliance.
So using the standards within SwaggerHub,
you're able to enforce quality
within your organization's catalog of APIs.